docs: update `Installing a dynamic plugin package in the showcase` section (#952)
janus-idp/backstage-showcase: showcase-docs/dynamic-plugins.md

- Starting from version 2.10.1, the [helm chart](https://github.com/redhat-developer/rhdh-chart) for deploying the showcase application introduces new values.

Note: 2.12 is the last version released from <https://github.com/janus-idp/helm-backstage>, with 2.13 being the start of the releases from <https://github.com/redhat-developer/rhdh-chart>

- The updated Helm values introduces a new parameter named `global.dynamic`, consisting of two fields:

  - `plugins`: the dynamic plugins intended for installation. By default, the list is empty. A package can be designated either as a local relative path (beginning with `./`) to the dynamic plugin's folder for a local installation or as a package specification in an NPM repository for an external installation.

>   - `includes`: a list of YAML files utilizing the same syntax. The `includes` file's `plugins` list will be combined with and potentially replaced by the `plugins` list in the main Helm values. The default configuration includes the [`dynamic-plugins.default.yaml`](https://github.com/janus-idp/backstage-showcase/blob/main/dynamic-plugins.default.yaml) file, encompassing all the dynamic plugins [included in the showcase application container image](#dynamic-plugins-included-in-the-showcase-container-image), whether they are disabled or enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `includes`: a list of YAML files utilizing the same syntax. The `includes` file's `plugins` list will be merged with the `plugins` list in the main Helm values. If a plugin package is mentioned in both `plugins` lists, the fields of the corresponding plugin entry in the `plugins` list in the main Helm values will override the fields of the corresponding plugin entry in the `includes` file's `plugins` list.  The default configuration includes the [`dynamic-plugins.default.yaml`](https://github.com/janus-idp/backstage-showcase/blob/main/dynamic-plugins.default.yaml) file, encompassing all the dynamic plugins [included in the showcase application container image](#dynamic-plugins-included-in-the-showcase-container-image), whether they are disabled or enabled.
```
